The son believes that this battle cannot be won
If you can't win, my former army will come down like a tiger
Little Heaven Helped
Why can't I win?
Father-in-law
Please listen to me
I don't think it's going to happen.
How can we win a battle that cannot be fought?
This is the first time I've heard this
Hurry up and call
I just found out that the treasury was stolen from the household department
Tianzhu was on alert
This is obviously a warning to me
If we dare to check
Then make our large treasury even more vulnerable
The two old men are calculating
100,000 the army
What's the daily charge?
Tianzhu is an engineering room again.
Consumes more
They'll attack for 100,000
But let these heavenly nations have the same name and border
What about the smaller countries?
Where is the majesty of my big money?
Then let them retreat
Retreat
You won't have a plan to retreat from the enemy
Don't choke on your intestines
A knowing son is better than a father
Yongzhen